What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git creates a subdirectory ".git" to include metadata with the history of the repository. But git does not make the first commit.
You need to initialize to really create the repository, so that git starts to use it.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Working directory is where you have the current files and where you make the changes.
Staging area is an intermediate area. It's value is that it allows you to select some of the files on working directory to be tracked and to be included in next commit.
Finally, repository is where you have all the history and different versions of your commited files.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can compare (git diff --staged) what you have in staging area with the last commit. So make sure, before you make the new commit, that you have a logical change. If ok, you can procede to commit. If not, you can discard or correct the changes.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

For example if you want to explore a new experimental variation, or if you may want to have, in paralel, another language version.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A lot. They give a clear picture of the commits and branches. And also they point out the reachability of every node. And show parent commits.


6 What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is a logical "merging" of commits, to make a new unified branch, and files that include changes from both branches (identifying which ones are to be included and wich not).
We represent it as the join of two different branches of commit, because that is the way it originated. 

7 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros: in majority of cases it does it correct in an automatic way. The only contra could be that you loose some control on the way the merge is done. In case of conflicts, it's also a help.